Added missing error message string ID for verification control (#94936)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/localization-string-ids.md

|but_verify_code | Verify code|
|but_send_new_code | Send new code|
|but_change_claims | Change e-mail|
| UserMessageIfVerificationControlClaimsNotVerified<sup>2</sup>| The claims for verification control have not been verified. |

<sup>1</sup> The `intro_msg` element is hidden, and not shown on the self-asserted page. To make it visible, use the [HTML customization](customize-ui-with-html.md) with Cascading Style Sheets. For example:

```css
.verificationInfoText div{display: block!important}
```

> <sup>2</sup> This error message is displayed to the user if they enter a verification code but instead of completing the verification by clicking on the verify button, they click the continue button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>2</sup> This error message is displayed to the user if they enter a verification code, but instead of completing the verification by selecting on the **Verify** button, they select the **Continue** button.
```

Reviewer: @bolt-io 

Sorry for taking long to review your PR. Please see my proposed changes, and if they don't change your original meaning, commit them. We'll then sign off your PR.
